In this section, we are going to learn about how to validate for all uppercase characters in the entire
string.
We have already seen all the upper cases, but there was no space in between here.
Even if we have words.
Then also it should check that all the characters are in uppercase.
So in this example, we have to check for uppercase letters, but that can be a space.
Also, as we have to check that all the words are in uppercase.
How will we create the pattern for this?
We will use a carrot and a dollar anchor for the start and end of the string.
We will also use range that is A to Z and slash s four spaces.
That is A to Z slash s.
As we have to consider all the words, we will use the plus quantifier with A to Z slash s for at least
one or more occurrence of it.
That is A to Z slash s plus.
So the complete pattern will look like this.
Let's try to code this now.
Let's declare the string I'll select.
STR is equal to.
This is a test string.
Now let's define the pattern.
It's a slash, a carrot.
A to Z slash s.
Use a plus sign that is a quantifier and a dollar.
Now we will say console.log and going to try the test.
And let's run the code now.
As you can see, the pattern has checked for all the characters, including words, and that's why it
is returning true.
Let's change a single character into lowercase and run the code again.
I'm making e in lowercase in the test word.
And now let's learn the code.
Now it says that it is false.
This pattern can also be used with few changes for other possibilities, like all digits in an entire
string or maybe a lowercase validation.